this program
is the first in the series entitled
seize the time
produced by radio free people and the
committee to defend the panther 21.
the topics for this series include the
new york panther 21
black liberation and the coming
revolution in america
the first program in the series is
called capitalism
plus dope equals genocide it was
recorded in prison
by michael situayo tabor one of the
panther 21
tabor has been in jail since april 1969
he was arrested then and held in fifty
thousand dollars bail
he and the other panthers are charged
with conspiring to blow up the botanical
gardens
dynamite department stores murder
policemen
and bomb railway lines the biggest frame
up
in the history of new york on february
2nd
pre-trial hearings began on february
25th
judge john mudface murtaugh recessed the
hearings for an indefinite period
he said they could only be resumed if
the panthers agreed to remain silent in
the courtroom
the panthers have said that if their
constitutional rights are violated
they will continue to stand up and speak
out
tabor was born and lived most of his
life in harlem
for five years from age 13 to age 18
he was addicted to heroin to the plague
as he calls it
but tabor kicked the habit and became a
member of the black panther party
he worked on the panther breakfast
program to feed hungry black children
and on the liberation school to teach
black children to read
he was defense captain of the bronx
chapter of the party
here is his statement on dope
all power to the people this is brother
michael saturday or tubal
uh and at this point i'd like to address
myself
specifically to the question of drug
addiction
recently in the black colony of holland
a 12-year-old black youth was murdered
by an overdose of heroin
a week or so later a 15-year-old black
girl met the same
fate during the year 1969 in new york
city alone
there were over 900 deaths resulting
from drug addiction
of these 210 were youths ranging in age
from 12 to 19.
of the over 900 dead the overwhelming
majority were black and puerto rican
conservative estimates state
that there are at least 25 000
youths in new york city alone addicted
to herrod
drug addiction in the colonized ghettos
of america has constituted a major
problem for over 15 years
its use is so widespread that it can
without fear of exaggeration be turned a
plague
it has reached epidemic proportions and
it is in fact still growing
it has only been within the last few
years that the fascist u.s government
has considered drug addiction as being a
matter of grave concern
and it is also interesting to note that
this concern on the pod of the
government
is proportional to the spread of the
plague into the inter sanctums
of the white middle class and upper
class communities
as long as the plague was confined to
the ghettos
the government did not see fit to demand
a problem
but as soon as the capitalists found out
that the plague had infected their sons
and daughters
a virtual state of national emergency
was declared
this is significant for it provides us
with a clue to the understanding of the
plague as it relates to black people
from the federal bureau of narcotics to
the clergy to the members of the medical
profession
to psychologists and so-called educators
right on down to the chemically enslaved
attic on the street corner
the hopes for effectively curbing the
spread of the plague
are appallingly dim despite the stiffer
jail sentences
that are being meted out to those who
the law defines as being
drug profitees and that term is nothing
but a euphemistic way of saying illegal
capitalists
there are more dope dealers now than
ever before
despite the increasing number of
rehabilitative and preventive programs
being pla being affected the plague
proliferates
and threatens to devour the an entire
generation of youth
the basic and fundamental reason why the
play cannot be stopped
by the drug prevention and
rehabilitation programs
is that these programs with their
bourgeois archaic frauding approach
and group therapeutic concepts do not
deal with the ultimate root causes of
the problem
these programs deliberately negate our
best deal
very lightly with the socio-economic
origin of drug addiction
these these programs sanctimoniously
deny the fact that capitalist
exploitation
and racial oppression are the main
contributing factors to drug addiction
on the part of black people
these programs were never intended to
help kill the black addict
in fact they can't even kill the white
addicts who they were designed for
the reactionary bourgeois government of
the united states defines the cause as
being the importation of the plague into
the country
by dope smugglers they are now
attempting to negotiate a deal with the
with the countries of france and turkey
to cut down on the importation of the
plague
they themselves though are forced to
admit that stopping the entry of the
plague is damn near impossible
the government is well aware as well
aware of the true causes that underlie
drug addiction the government is well
aware of the fact that even if they were
able to stop the importation of herod
dope dealers and addicts would just find
another drug to substitute it to take
its place
as they are in fact doing the
reactionary us
government is totally incapable of
addressing itself to the true causes of
drug addiction
for to do so would necessitate making
fundamental and basic institutional and
structural changes
and these changes could not take place
they could not possibly be affected
without changing the manner in which
property is owned in
the mine in which uh wealth is
distributed in this society is short
only a revolution could eliminate the
plague
drug addiction is merely a monstrous
symptom
of the malignancy which is ravishing the
entire social fabric of the capitalist
system of exploitation
and in order to understand the plague we
must first achieve some understanding of
that system
drug addiction is a social phenomena
that grows organically from the social
system
every social phenomena that emanates
from a society
from a social system that is predicated
upon and motivated by
bitter class antagonisms that results
from class exploitation must be seen
from a class point of view
in regards to black people our problems
are confounded
compounded rather and take on appalling
dimensions as a result of the racist
dehumanization
that we are subjected to therefore to
understand
the plague as it relates specifically to
black people
we must analyze the effects of
capitalist economic exploitation
and racist dehumanization which is a
byproduct of capitalism
we must analyze the effects that they
have on black people
the hideous and sadistic program of
annihilating the humanity of black
people
that was initiated over 400 years ago by
money mad slave masters and that has
continued unabated until this very day
is deliberate and systematic it is done
for the purpose of justifying the
exploitation of us
and facilitating it
since the reality of our objective
existence
seem to confirm the racist doctrines of
white superiority
in its anti-thesis black inferiority
we lacking an understanding of the true
reasons for our condition
internalize those racist doctrines in
short we in time began to believe that
we were inherently
inferior to whites these feelings of
inferiority gave birth to a sense of
self-hatred
which finds expression and
self-destructive behavior patterns
the wretchedness of our plight our sense
of powerlessness
and despair serve to create within our
minds
a predisposition and susceptibility
towards the use of any element or
substance
that produces euphropic illusions that
is to say
we are strongly inclined to use anything
that enables us to suffer
peacefully this might be termed an
escapist complex the escapist complex is
in effect
also self-destructive the depraved
capitalist racist oppressor exploits
these psychological
and emotional deficiencies for all they
are worth
the oppressor encourages our
participation in any activity that is
self-destructive
this fact is easily understood
when we realize that our
self-destructive behavior patterns
and our escapist tendencies constitutes
a
source of profits for the capitalists
they also by weakening dividing and
destroying
us reinforce the strength of the
oppressor
and enables the oppressor to perpetuate
his domination over us
fratricidal street gang fighting is a
direct manifestation
of self-destruct of a self-destructive
behavior pattern
it is also a form of escapism by which
black use
vent their rage frustrations and despair
on each other
rather than dealing with the true enemy
pathological religionism
or the fanatical indulgence in religion
is essentially escapist
because it encourages the victim to
concentrate his or her
attentions and energies and hopes for
salvation and freedom
upon a dubious mystical non-tangible
force
and it disencourages the confronting and
dealing with the actual causes
of our exploitation and oppression it
encourages
the focusing of attention upon the pie
in the sky
rather than the securing of more lamb
chops right here on the planet earth
it also serves as a source of profits
for those religious charlatans
preachers and ministers and myth players
who exploit it
alcoholism is in nature and effect
both self-destructive and escapists it
is also a source of tremendous profits
for the capitalists
the amazingly high number of bars and
liquor stores in the black communities
testify to this fact the capitalist
liquor industry could prosper just on
the business it does in the black ghetto
alone
undoubtedly the most infinitely escapist
and absolutely self-destructive activity
for
us and the most unbelievably profitable
for the capitalist and therefore the
most encouraged by him
is drug addiction specifically heroin
addiction
heroin addiction the plague the scourge
of the black colonies of babylon
the plague whose spiritual moral
psychological physical
and social destructive powers greatly
exceeds that of any disease up until
this point known to humanity
the plague opium from turkey shipped to
my size converted into morphine base
and then processed into the plague
smuggled into babylon
cut diluted and then placed in the black
colonies
the plague poisonous lethal white
powdery substance
sold by depraved money crazy fees to
black youths who are desperately
desperately seeking
a kick a high means a anything that will
help to make them oblivious to the
squalor
to the abject poverty to the disease and
degradation that engulfs them in their
daily existence
and initially the plague does just that
under its sinister influence the
oppressive
nauseous ghetto prison is transformed
into a virtual valhalla
one becomes impervious to the rancid
stench of
urine soap tenement dungeons unaffected
by
the piercing cries of anguish from black
folks driven to the brink of insanity by
sadistic and predictious social system
unaffected by the deafening whale of pig
police sirens
as they tear through the streets of the
black hell in route to answer the call
of some other pig police who is in a
state of well-deserved distress
unaffected by the trash cans whose
decayed disease-carrying garbage
has spare has flowed over to fill the
ghetto streets
yes under its ecstatic influence one is
made oblivious to ugly realities
but there is a trick a cruel monstrous
trick
a deadly flim flam awaiting its naive
youthful victim
for the illusionary beauty of the heron
induced high begins to vanish
correspondingly the temporary immunity
to reality attained on its chemical
trance
vanishes likewise that reality that the
pathetic victim
sought so desperately to escape once
again descends upon
and re-engulfs him the rancid stench of
urine soaked tenement dungeons
begins to assail his nostrils those
black cries of anguish
seem to blend with the wailing sirens of
police cars
he hears them now very loud and very
clear
in stereophonic sound and that garbage
that spills over
onto the streets from uncollected trash
cans
it too is felt underfoot
the young victim is not long in finding
out that only by taking another dosage
will he be able to attain sanctuary from
his hideous reality
each dosage each shot of the plague that
he injects into his by now
well-poisoned blood system brings him
that much closer to the grave
his physical body begins to take on a
decimated appearance
a shameless disregard is displayed
towards his body in the clothes that he
wears
that his shirt is filthy that his shoes
are soulless leaving him to walk
virtually on his naked feet that does
not matter
that his unwashed body now emits a most
foul odor disturbs him belittle
that his non-addicted friends now shun
and view him with contempt matters not
for the feelings of mutual they no
longer have anything in common
everything ceases to matter everything
except herod the plague
by now he is strung out hooked he is
physiologically and psychologically
dependent upon the plague
both his body and mind have become
addicted to heroin
he has now become a full-time child
member
of the cloud9 society
as he continues his body begins to build
up an immunity
to the drug he realizes that now in
order to attain his euphoric high
he must increase his dosage this means
that he has to attain
more money so enslaved has he now become
that he will do anything for a bag
anything for his shot to lie to steal to
cheat to rob
is nothing to him whatever he must do
for a shot he will do
he in fact must do for he is a slave to
the plague
the vicious cycle is now in motion he
violates what
what the ruling class defines as being
the law in order to secure money
with that money he cops he takes off
the high wears off he must secure more
money for more dope
he must steal mug or stick up he gets
busted eventually
he goes to jail and after he has served
out his sentence he is released
and the first thing he wants is a shot
the vicious cycle continues
and he plunges deeper and deeper into
the abysmal pit of degradation
his soul linked to humanity is not is
now but a thin
thread and there always there
and ever willing for a price of course
to meet the addict's demand for dope is
the cop man
the dealer the purveyor of poison
distributor of death
merciless murdering scum of the planet
vile
capitalist salesmen of death on the
installment plan
the plague mine the dope pusher
dope selling is beyond a doubt one of
the most profitable capitalist
undertakings
on the highest level the international
level that is
the drug traffic is controlled by the
elements of organized crime
especially the cosa nostra the so-called
mafia
it is also this group which controls
ultimately
the drug traffic sale and distribution
etc on the national level and from their
drug smuggling
and sales activities they amassed
profits that saw into the billions
the profits made from from the drug
trade are used to finance so-called
legal and legitimate businesses these
legitimate businesses are controlled by
the mafia
and are also used to facilitate their
drug smuggling activities
given the fact that organized crime is a
business in every sense of the word
and an ever expanding one at that it is
constantly seeking new areas of
investment
hence more and more illegal profits are
being
channeled into legal businesses
partnerships with legal businessmen
have become the order of the day there
is a direct relationship between
legitimate and illegitimate capitalists
over the years a number of foreign
ambassadors and wealthy businessmen
have been arrested in this country for
drug smuggling
in december 1969 a group of wealthy
south american businessmen and financers
were arrested in a plush new york city
hotel
with over 10 million dollars worth of
drugs
shortly before that a firm of wall
street brokers was found to be financing
drug operations of course no indictments
were handed down against them
given the predatory and voracious
nature of the capitalists it should come
as no surprise that the so-called
are legitimate businessmen are deeply
involved in the drug trade
capitalists are motivated by an
insatiable lust for profits
they will do anything for money the
activities of
organized crime and so-called legitimate
capitalists
are so inextricably tied up so
thoroughly interwoven
that from our point of view any
distinction made between them is purely
academic
the legitimization of the mafia that is
their increased emphasis upon investing
in
and establishing core corporations and
along with that the stiffer prison
sentences
that are being meted out to drug
profiteers
has resulted in and gradually
withdrawing from the lower levels
where the profits are smaller and the
risk of arrests are greater
that vacuum has been filled by non-mafia
dealers
who are supplied by the mafia
a few years ago it was a rarity to find
a
negro dope dealer who handled more than
three kilos
of hair on a kilo being two pounds two
ounces
at any one time now though more and more
negro plague peddlers are handling
upwards to 10 kilos of heroin
when you consider that a kilo of heroin
purchased at eighteen
thousand dollars when cut and bagged up
and sold brings a net profit of over two
hundred thousand dollars then it becomes
much easier to understand that even if
the death penalty were imposed
on drug profiteers it would not deter
the trade
when you consider that america is a
ultra materialistic and
infinitely philistine society in which
the human rights of men
are consumed by the flames on the on the
sacrificial altar of the almighty dollar
when you dig and fully understand that
the understand
the basic reality of american society
then you can understand that without a
revolution that is designed to totally
transform the fundamental nature of this
society
the plague and other such
psychoemotional diseases
can never be eradicated the plague could
never flourish in the black communities
as it does if it were not for the active
support
of the occupation forces personified by
the pig police force that narcotic
arrests have skyrocketed
in no way mitigates the objective fact
that more and more pig police are taking
payoffs from drug peddlers
in return for immunity damn near every
week we hear about
some paid police being suspended for
taking payoffs from a plague peddler
or extorting money from them it is also
the practice of the police department
especially the narcotics agents to seize
a quantity of drugs from one dealer
arrest him but only turn in a
portion of the confiscated drugs for
evidence
the rest is given to stool pigeons who
in many cases are dealers themselves
these stew pigeons actually receive
drugs from the agents
and they sell them they have also been
reports of agents who
actually use drugs themselves they have
dope fees on the police force
these are the individuals who are sent
into the community supposedly to protect
us
when these activities on the part of the
police force
are placed in their proper context and
understood
then we can see that the pig police can
never solve the problem
because they are in fact part of the
problem
this week the lying devious puppets of
big business
the demagogic politicians on of capitol
hill
passed a law which gives narcotic agents
the right to crash
in a suspected dope dealer's house and
without
without knocking if there is reason to
believe
that drugs or other evidence will be
destroyed
now anyone who thinks that this law will
be confined to just suspected plague
peddlers
is negating the fact that this country
is becoming increasingly repressive
that it is in fact becoming fascists
it would do us well to consider what
kicking down a person's door in search
of drugs and
other evidence actually means first off
what is other evidence
it should come as no surprise when the
homes of revolutionaries and other
progressive individuals
are invaded by pigs under the pretext of
searching for narcotics
and other evidence a number of
revolutionaries have been imprisoned on
framed up
trumped up narcotic charges already the
brother martin sostra
was sentenced to 41 years on a framed-up
narcotics charge
a framed-up dope charge you can rest
assured that this
policy will be intensified when the pigs
kick in a revolutionary's door
and crash through the windows with
shotguns on the pretext of looking for
drugs and other evidence
they will find drugs because they bring
them with them
according to reports issued by the pa
police
at least 40 percent of the thefts and
armed robberies committed in the large
cities
are attributed to drug addicts that
black drug addicts commit most of their
crimes in the black community
is a fact the people of the black
community have been
duped into asking for more police
protection
and more pigs are being deplored into
the black colonies
but not to protect the people they are
being sent
in for the purpose of repressing black
people it must be reiterated
that the police have no desire to
eliminate the problem of drug addiction
in the black community
this problem can only be dealt with by
the residents by the inhabitants
of that community and the only man in
which they can do that is by
organizing themselves into forces uh
that will in effect harass
intimidate and if necessary attack
physically drug dealers they must be
seen
and dealt with for what they really are
enemies and murderers of the people
their actions and deeds result in this
are resulting in the destruction of the
youth of our people
and we must understand that it is the
youth who make the revolution
and it is the youth who carry it out and
without our young we will never be able
to
forge and establish a powerful
revolutionary force
we must understand dope for what it
really is
it is a form of genocide in which the
victim
pays to be killed capitalism
plus dope equals genocide
this is michael certainly a tabor
of the panther 21 and all of the other
members of the panther 21
say all power to the people seize the
time
eliminate drugs by eliminating the
source of the drugs
all power to the people think about it
think about it think about it
think about it think about it think
about it think about it think about it
think about it
think about it think about it
the panthers are still in jail their
bail is over one million dollars
the committee to defend the panther 21
is working to free the panthers
seize the time